Update CONTRIBUTING.md to mention linting tools (#28141)
mdn/content: CONTRIBUTING.md

The previous sections describe how to get started using the GitHub UI to make small changes to a single file and how to create a fork and clone the repository to prepare for making larger changes.
This section describes how to build the project locally and how to prepare your changes for submission.

### Preparing the project

> To set up the site locally, you need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [Yarn 1 (Classic)](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To serve the site locally, you need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [Yarn 1 (Classic)](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/) installed.
```

   # or "git push --set-upstream origin fix-typo" if you haven't pushed this branch before
   ```

#### Linting edited files

To ensure that all MDN documents follow the same formatting, we use both [Prettier](https://www.prettier.io) and [Markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint) to format and lint Markdown files. This helps us enforce uniform styling across all documents with minimal reviewer intervention.

> If you have a [local checkout](#forking-and-cloning-the-repository) of the repository and have [installed the dependencies](#preparing-the-project), or you are using [github.dev](https://github.dev), a pre-commit hook will be installed which automatically runs while making a commit. To save some headache and improve your work flow, you may wish to [configure your editor to automatically run Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html). Alternatively, you may run `yarn fix:md` in the command line to manually format all Markdown files.

Reviewer 2: Being pedantic here:

```suggestion
If you have a [local checkout](#forking-and-cloning-the-repository) of the repository and have [installed the dependencies](#preparing-the-project), or you are using [github.dev](https://github.dev), a pre-commit hook will be installed which automatically runs while making a commit. To save some headache and improve your work flow while authoring, you may wish to [configure your editor to automatically run Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html). Alternatively, you may run `yarn fix:md` in the command line to manually format all Markdown files.
```
For the "configure your editor" part, should we add a hint about what configuration to add to aid while editing files, for example:

`"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"`

(because by default, the local configuration file `prettierrc` will be used and not VS Code settings),

Author: We link to Prettier's guide so I don't think we need to provide editor-specific details -- if someone requests it though, we can add it in then!

> > **Note:** Automatically formatting changes does not work for pull requests opened using the GitHub Web UI as described in the ["Simple changes" section](#simple-changes). This may result in failed status checks on pull requests. If you're not sure about how to fix this, [get in touch with us](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Communication_channels) for help.

Reviewer: Grrrrr. We should not _have_ to write this. Ever.

Author: Well, now Prettier formatting is no longer required to pass PR checks, so I guess this statement isn't valid any longer.

Reviewer: Its not valid, but something similar might be useful. The linter still runs and gives warnings to add lines around code blocks and such that need to be fixed.
